React course from udemy - https://www.udemy.com/course/master-react/learn/lecture/43485072#overview

1.React is a JavaScript framework, and we will use Node.js to run our application in a web server because that's required.
2.React is a web application and therefore we need a web server, even if it's on our own local computer.

3.Component based architecture
means reusable components
we will create our root component called  - App.js
we can create other component and place them in root component like movieGrid.js placed inside App.js.

4. we need to install visual code studio as ide for react application, and Node.js(21.7.3). 
also install some extensions - eslint - this shows errors while we are typing code.
prettier-Code Formatter - this is for code formtting in pretty way
also we need to have in settings - preferences - format on code saved.

5. we will have to use npx - that is to execute commands in terminal
to create a react app
npx create-react-app moviedux
thsi will create our project, in background, it is installing react, react don and react scripts.

6. we can start our application with npm start

7. in App.js , we will have some javascrtipt and html - the combination is called jsx.
we will have a index,.html fiel and inside that a body tag and a div tag with id root, which is rendering App.js file.

8. In react , for styling we cannpot use "class" as that is a reserved word in react, we use "classname" instead.

9. we will 3 components - that wi;l be re-usabel - moviegrid, watchlist and movie card.
In code we will first have to import react to create a component
and then we will have a export default function - which is basicaly a way to export components from a file so that another component can import it.

10 some javascript fundmentals - 
let  - follows the scope  - so if we have in a function and whatever we do it it inside a if loop and if we print 
it outside if loop it will take the value before if blockso if block scope if diff
but if we declare x with var, then even if we change it in if loop , then after the if loop too, it takes the changes and print them.
